c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\bin\Debug\BooksDatabase.exe.config
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\bin\Debug\Books.mdf
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\bin\Debug\Books_log.ldf
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\bin\Debug\BooksDatabase.exe
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\bin\Debug\BooksDatabase.pdb
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\obj\Debug\BooksDatabase.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\obj\Debug\BooksDatabase_Content.g.cs
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\obj\Debug\BooksDatabase_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\obj\Debug\BooksDatabase_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\obj\Debug\BooksDatabase.g.resources
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\obj\Debug\BooksDatabase.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\obj\Debug\BooksDatabase.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\obj\Debug\BooksDatabase.exe
c:\users\amanda\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksDatabase\BooksDatabase\obj\Debug\BooksDatabase.pdb
